crazy Mike from crazy Mike zaps comm
with an iPhone app review first Simon
classic which is a free app and it is
developed by category five games this is
the classic Simon game that was she I
want to say it came out maybe in this
late 70s early 80s but I remember the
real game that looks just like the
actual red green yellow and blue pad on
the iPhone but it was actually you know
a big plastic game there are four speeds
there are different sounds such as
original piano digital and silent and
that's pretty much it the way the game
plays is you tap the colors that are
that go out and you got to tap him in
order and the farther you go the better
you do
pretty simple don't you think I think
however it does test your brain and your
memory because the the it's not as easy
as it looks you can do you know maybe
you can do a few on the normal speed
maybe you can get up to whatever five
ten you know but as it goes to higher
numbers it's definitely more difficult
to remember and when you do the faster
mode it's pretty quick and it doesn't
give you a lot of time to to remember so
you got to have some type of a memory
you're going to have to have something
in there between your ears and you know
you can play this game
Simon classic obviously kind of over you
know kind of like through this Simon's
not kind of but it's like Simon Says you
know so that is the deal there are some
ads in the app but they're you know they
don't really bother you and you can also
replay a lot the you can replay the
sequence
on the the sequence of the colors if you
forget so that is a nice little help
again this is the Simon classic iPhone
app which is totally absolutely free and
until next time this is crazy Mike say
and see